section off my hair right here and clip
it clip it baby clip it okay and then
you're gonna want what I do is I spray a
little bit a hair spray like right at
the part okay and then I don't have a
teasing comb I forgot it
and then I start teasing it you don't
even really good thing have to tease it
that much just put a little bit of
hairspray in it just to give it
something to hang on to okay and then
I'll pick this booger rock girl unclip
it and put it clip and clip okay can I
do is I do my part on side and then I
will tease I've already too soon so just
tease it like that and then I'll really
taste that crown but crying I can't
believe I forgot the teasing comb how
well I do it like this - so then you
just want to smooth it out okay so tease
first is a good little trick so what I'm
gonna do with my bangs I'm gonna pull it
forward like this take my wand and
instead I usually go back like that but
for my bangs I'm gonna go down like this
and like that leave a little bit out
this goes gets really hot but it's
really uh I think it's like ceramic or
titanium Ayanna so it protects your hair
too so I'm gonna do that but this a
trick to getting you can either curl
your hair and keep your hair you know
where it's bunched up like that or you
can keep your hair smooth you know what
I mean fly fly
that's what I mean flat instead of round
you know so I'm gonna do it flat like
that hold it for just a few seconds and
then bang
one two three five five release hold it
raise yourself up okay and I'm taking
about you know I'm not taking two little
chunks leaving the ends out and I just
go around my whole head this way so I
might fast-forward through here okay
okay
so I've done all the way around here and
I'm just going to want to just show you
how to define one look hey pop back you
don't care if I do it like that yeah oh
yeah okay so my front piece I just kind
of separate like that I'm looking in
this mirror now I'm not like looking at
myself for anything they can diaper
because I don't I mean you know I'm just
a normal girl you're normal next door
what kind of girl well
hi and then this piece I'll do the same
thing go any I will go Berta my hanging
they have gloves to let go with this but
I live on the age okay so you got that
right mm-hmm
now what I do is I'll take little pieces
you see how this isn't crooked
I'll take piece like that one
it's all the way around my head I'll
just like take little pieces well
I don't y'all have a wonderful day I
hope you all enjoyed this video and I
will talk to you guys later